It feels cheap to call it a friendship.
It was something else. Like a kinship.
From deep in our souls.
We could face anything that
life would throw in our paths
as long as
we had each other to come back to.
We were supposed to grow old together.
What we had was… It was powerful.
and essential.
and it was supposed to last forever.
But that's not what happened.
When was the last time
you saw the deceased?
We had dinner last night?
You don't seem sure about that.
No. I am. I'm sorry. I am. I just…
It doesn't seem possible
that that was yesterday.
You know. everything feels…
just so different now.
Can I ask how?
What happened?
Was she robbed?
Was she raped?
That's not information
we can share just now.
We're hoping you can help us.
Yes. However I can.
What… What can I do?
You may have been the last person to
talk to your friend before the assailant.
so you can tell us anything
that you remember from last night.
Okay. okay. okay. okay.
Here we go.
Let's go! Thank you. thank you. thank you.
I would like to thank my coworkers on
the South Asian team for letting me win.
And I have to thank
our fearless leader. Eleanor.
for the two most rewarding.
challenging years of my life.
- May I say something?
- Of course.
So…
These somewhat ridiculous
cornhole contests do serve a purpose.
And it's not just to bring
some joy and levity
to the really difficult but crucial work
that all of you are doing
all over the world.
These moments also mark passageways.
So. Kumal. we raise our
compostable cups to you today
because we are so proud of
everything that you have accomplished
at Rescue and Relief.
And we are even more proud of
all the work on your horizon.
- Thank you.
To Kumal!
Everyone. please eat!
I don't wanna waste any food.
Thank you.
- Good speech. boss.
- What?
I was just. you know.
giving you a compliment.
Oh. don't do that.
- What's up?
- Do you have a second to talk?
I don't. I'm… I'm so sorry. I don't.
- But maybe we can find some time later?
- Yeah.
Yeah? I'll see you later? Okay.
I'm watching.
Wait. Do I… I know…
Do I have to do this?
- You do.
- It's tradition.
- Yes.
- From college.
When we were young and we had bad taste.
- El. help me.
- I'm…
I do not make the rules.
- Happy to be here. Happy birthday!
- Happy birthday!
Oh. God. no.
It's gotten worse.
- Yeah.
- Disgusting.
It's really bad.
Okay. honey. how has the day been?
Have you been adequately worshipped?
Absolutely. Artemis woke up
at 6:00 a.m. to start worshipping me.
By demanding pancakes.
No. they were so sweet. the girls.
and Howard had them write me little poems.
- That is sweet.
- Yeah. I know.
It's kinda cheap.
- It's personal.
- Nancy.
She deserves to be showered with gifts.
Excuse me.
Potato mini-galettes with tomato confit.
Paired with champagne.
Compliments of the chef.
Oh. thank you. Please thank Marco for me.
Will do. Ms. Bouchet.
Thank you.
Amazing.
Very nice.
I mean. they're Tater Tots. right?
No. they are very fancy.
artisanal Tater Tots.
Don't be rude.
I love it when you sleep with chefs.
How's it going with the coworker?
Is that still…
Yes. we are still connecting.
- Here and there. You know?
- Yeah.
It's very casual though.
- Does he know that?
- Yes.
- Nancy. you good?
- Fantastic.
- What?
- Is everything okay?
Yes!
Ladies. I wanted to say that--
Is this gonna be long?
'Cause I have to pee.
- No.
- Okay. I'm just checking.
I just wanted… I wanted to say that I'm
so happy to be here with the two people
that I love most. who I feel
most loved by in the whole world.
- Wow. Oh. sweetheart!
- We do love you.
There's an Irish saying that…
- Oh. God. Please don't.
- I'm just kidding.
- Go.
- Happy birthday. baby.
Thank you.
All right. I'll be right back.
- We have your table ready. Ms. Bouchet.
- Oh. fantastic. Thank you.
Nancy. what is going on? Are you okay?
Yeah. No…
- What's happening?
- It's that guy.
It's still happening.
- I know.
- What?
I thought you were
breaking it off with him.
I tried. I know. It's complicated.
What does that mean?
Mary doesn't know.
Can you not say anything? I…
I don't wanna make her upset.
But it's okay for me to be upset?
Well. it's not like you're monogamous.
Nancy. if you were being honest
with Robert about what you were doing.
that would be fine.
I mean. open marriages are
like open kitchens these days.
- Everybody's putting 'em in.
- It's not exactly Robert's style.
But this thing that you are doing.
it's not liberating you.
- It's just making you miserable.
- I know. I know. I…
It's just when I'm with him.
I feel powerless.
Do you remember what you said to me
about the difference
between love and infatuation?
What did I say?
You said that love fills you up
and infatuation depletes you.
Are you sure I said that?
- Yes.
- That sounds more like Mary.
No. you said it to me. About Robert.
The day that he proposed.
Sometimes I think you
see my life more clearly than I do.
No. I just…
- Hi! The view is beautiful.
- Hi!
Right?
What are we talking about?
Just Eleanor's entanglements.
Well…
I was offered cocaine in the bathroom.
What?
I didn't take it. but. you know.
it's nice to be asked.
You still got it!
Thank you.
- Hey.
- Eleanor. it's Robert.
Sorry to bother you so late or so early.
It's okay. What's up?
Well. Nancy didn't come home last night.
and she's not answering her phone.
She didn't go home with you
after dinner by any chance?
Are you there?
- You okay?
- Yeah…
I'm… I'm sorry. Are you not alone?
No. no…
Can you just give me a second?
Okay. so…
Nancy hasn't come home yet?
No. and I've left
half a dozen messages and texts.
There's no response.
Very concerning.
Yeah. I don't… I don't know. Robert.
I mean. we ate and then she left.
And she told you she was coming home?
I mean. she didn't say that exactly.
but I assumed…
That's it. I'm calling the police.
- No. Robert. Don't… Don't do that.
- Okay. so…
What. you do know where she is?
Not exactly.
Eleanor. what the hell's going on?
I'm gonna throw some clothes on
and come to you.
That's not necessary.
If you could just tell me w--
Robert. stop! Stop. Do not call
the police until we talk. okay? Please.
- Okay. okay.
- Okay.
I'm on my way.
Shit!
Hey. Jordan.
Can I take these jeans?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
You leaving already?
Yeah. but it's fine
'cause I was never here. remember?
Hey.
So. she's done with me?
She's leaving?
Is that what this is?
I don't know what she's thinking.
and she hasn't said that.
What? Jesus. Eleanor.
Come on. you came all the way over here.
You might as well just tell me.
Is she seeing someone else?
I'm so sorry.
Well…
There it is.
I really don't wanna be
in the middle of all this.
So. who is he?
She told me it was over.
But you know how Nancy is. right?
Like. sometimes she's very clear.
and then another--
I need a name.
- David.
- David who?
I don't know.
She says that she met him through work.
The museum? The ballet? Hospital?
Where… Where did she find this guy?
She hasn't told me.
So. this dinner with you and Mary
last night. that's. what. her alibi?
No. We had dinner.
We were celebrating Mary's birthday.
Don't lie to me.
Been lied to enough.
Not by me.
I have never lied to you. Not once.
We all had dinner. and then she left.
Would you like a drink?
- I quit.
- What?
When?
Two weeks ago.
Feels like a year.
I did it for her.
Is this new?
I don't know.
She's always moving the art around.
Says it keeps things fresh.
Is she really that unhappy with me?
I know she shares
everything with you and Mary. but…
Don't do that. Robert.
It's not you. She is unhappy with herself.
Thanks for coming by. but I.
I need to get myself together.
Can we ask you to sit. sir?
I'd rather stand.
A body was found early this morning that
we have reason to believe is your wife's.
Nancy's.
How do you know it was her?
A wallet containing her
identification was found with the body.
God.
Yeah. well…
Where?
In Arroyo Seco Park. sir.
Under the Colorado Street Bridge.
there's a walkway there and--
I know the Arroyo.
I've lived in Pasadena my whole life.
What happened to her?
The evidence suggests
there was an assault that killed her.
And unfortunately those are all
the details we can tell you right now.
We will need someone from
the family to identify the body.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
What did you just say?
We need someone to identify the body.
Yes. That's her.
That's…
That's Nancy.
Ms. Bouchet.
Ms. Bouchet!
I asked how long you and the deceased
had known one another.
We've been best friends
for 25 years with Mary.
Look. I… I have to call Mary
because she can't read about this.
You told Mr. Hennessey
that she was seeing another man.
Yes.
What do you know about him?
Not a lot.
His name is David.
They met at work.
- At work?
- Yes.
Mr. Hennessey
tells us she was a homemaker.
Yes. She does a lot of philanthropic work.
She sits on the board of
several different organizations.
I'm sure that Robert could
give you a complete list.
We're talking to you right now.
Is there anything more
that you can tell us about her lover?
Hair color? Age? Race? Height?
- Weight?
- No. I'm sorry.
I wish there were.
My wife has a best friend from college.
Can't get 'em off
the phone with each other.
Is that a question?
Just seems she might have
told you more than a first name.
Well. she didn't.
As it happens.
Am I being held?
Or am I free to go?
Somewhere else you need to be?
You are free to go.
Just do us a favor and stay in town.
Of course.
Thank you.
No problem.
What's so funny about that?
Hi! Hey!
- Aunt Ellie!
- Hi.
I got a cut on my toe.
- It's infected.
- Whoa!
I got a cat!
- You did?
- She started feeding a cat.
- It's not hers.
- Yes. it is!
- No. it's not.
Stop lying. you liar!
Mom. tell her it's not her cat!
This is a nice surprise. Are you okay?
- No. it's not. No. you don't.
- Yes. I do!
Sweetie.
will you take them inside for a second?
Hey. come on. girls.
Who wants some iPad time?
- Go on.
- iPad!
Ellie and Mommy need some.
uh. grown-up time.
What is it?
It's Nancy.
What?
- Oh. Mary.
- What?
She's gone.
What do you mean she's gone?
Mary. she's dead.
What do you mean?
When you saw her body. what was it…
What did they do to her?
The wound is on the back of her head.
So her face was still perfect.
What the fuck was she doing in the Arroyo?
I don't know for sure. But…
What do you mean for sure?
Do you know anything else?
She was meeting someone.
What? What do you mean
she was meeting someone?
A guy. Somebody that she was seeing.
Oh. my God.
Is this what you two
were talking about last night
when I came back from the bathroom?
Yes. But. Mary. she didn't…
She barely told me anything.
But you knew.
- Who was he?
- I don't know.
I don't know much.
I just know that he was texting her
and she was upset
and so they must have
still been seeing each other.
- And--
- Still?
- Yes.
- Still seeing each other?
Yes.
How long have you known about this?
I don't know. Maybe a couple of weeks.
My God. Jesus. Ellie.
It wasn't my business to tell you.
And I thought that she was gonna end it.
I did not think it
was gonna be a big deal.
I did not think that she--
Okay. Okay.
Did she tell you anything else about him?
She told me that his name is David.
and that they met at work.
Did you tell the police?
Yes. of course. I told them everything.
Well. yeah.
but neither of you told me. so…
What. did you think
I was gonna be judgmental?
- Is that what she thought? That I--
- No. Mary.
I think she…
You know. you can be more
judgmental than me sometimes.
- Okay.
- You know?
Yes. fine.
Maybe that's why she told me. Mary.
because she knew that
I would be harder on her. and I was.
I am the one who told her
that she had to break it off with him.
and so she went to see him.
and now she's dead.
Are you blaming yourself?
You cannot do that.
What happened?
Hey. Marcus.
- Hi. sweetheart.
- Hey.
How was it
with your caseworker this morning?
Mom. I'm an actual person now.
You can talk to me.
What… What's going on?
Okay.
Your…
Your Aunt Nancy was killed last night.
They found her body.
- Oh. my God.
- I'm sorry.
Mom. Oh. come here.
Oh. my God. Mom. I'm so sorry.
It's okay. sweetie.
It's okay. I'm sorry.
Okay. sweetheart. Okay.
I'm okay.
Police say there were
signs of a brutal physical assault.
There is no suspect
in custody at this time.
The victim's husband is Robert Hennessey.
whose father is
the founder of Hedgerow Capital.
Tributes poured in today on social media
where Mrs. Hennessey amassed
thousands of followers.
Do they really think this will help?
It might.
Might make people care about her.
Oh. come on.
Be honest. if all you saw was
this highlight reel of her life.
don't you think you would hate her?
Well. hate's an ugly word.
Envy. maybe. If that's all I saw.
This wasn't even the real her.
Yeah. it was. Ellie.
Just wasn't the whole her.
Have you seen Cora?
No. Not yet.
I didn't even know
my mom owned any black clothes.
She used to have
this gorgeous black leather jumpsuit
that she wore when we went to the club.
I can't picture that at all.
She always wanted to take me shopping.
I never let her.
I get that.
Mothers and daughters.
it's very complicated.
No. but I would roast her
for all the shopping she did.
Now I'm. like.
digging through her clothes.
trying to find something
to wear to her funeral.
Cora…
If this feels like too much.
we don't have to do this right now.
I can't feel anything. Ellie.
I think you might be in shock.
Is that what it is? 'Cause I feel like
something's wrong with me.
Nothing is wrong with you. okay?
I remember being in this room with
your mom when you were just an infant.
And she was holding you in her arms.
and she was so in love with you.
Nothing made her
happier than being your mom.
And all I did was push her away.
And it's too late now.
Sweetie. it's okay.
I'm here.
Would you stay with us?
Really?
I don't wanna be alone with my dad.
Cora. I…
Okay.
I know that he struggles
with his emotions.
but trust me. I have known him
since I was barely older than you--
It's not just the emotions.
I don't feel safe with him right now.
Look. I don't need a publicist.
I need them to find out
who killed my wife.
It's a crisis firm. Robert.
And Daddy just wants to
make the introduction.
That's it.
Ultimately. it's your choice.
Have you given any more thought
to the idea of a reward?
I hate the…
I hate the idea of a bounty hunt.
I know. and no one wants
to put any pressure on you.
but at this point.
it's just about controlling the narrative.
- Hey.
- I mean. we're in--
Eleanor. Didn't know you were here.
Sorry to interrupt.
No. come on in.
Come on in. You've been such a good friend
to be here with the family for this long.
I was just headed to the kitchen.
Does anyone else need a drink?
No. thank you.
Is it cold in here?
My sister is just trying to help
finish all the alcohol in the house.
Yes. I think she's doing that.
Cora asked me
if I would stay with you guys for a while.
Okay. So. how do you feel about that?
It's not about how I feel.
It's about figuring out
what's best for Cora.
If I haven't thanked you
for everything that you're doing--
Don't do that. please. Robert.
No. it's something I forget to do.
I can be a real asshole
like that sometimes.
just taking everyone
around me for granted.
How did Cora seem to you?
Is she scared of me?
She didn't use the word "scared" exactly.
It… It can't be easy losing her mother
and seeing them treat me like a suspect.
They're not calling you a suspect.
are they?
That's where this is headed.
You know. I have no alibi.
I was home alone that night
until I spoke to you.
Sorry.
I can understand
having you around might make her
a little more comfortable right now.
I'm gonna come by as often as I can.
But I… I don't think
it's a good idea for me to stay here.
Yeah.
Okay.
- Okay.
- Thank you.
- Good afternoon.
- Hey. Ms. Bouchet.
Sam. you changed your hair.
- I like it.
- Thanks.
- Hey.
- Hi.
We didn't think you'd be coming in yet.
We would've gotten more prepared.
I'm just coming in to grab a few things.
I didn't wanna disrupt the flow.
No. hey. you're the boss.
You can do whatever you want.
I just thought you'd want some more time--
I don't wanna make
a big deal of it here at the office.
I am so deeply.
deeply sorry for your loss.
- I can't even imagine.
- Thank you.
There are no words.
No words.
You've said it. Olivia.
Thank you for that.
Some detectives were here earlier.
asking a few questions
about the timing of that night.
I told them I was already gone by then.
so I couldn't help them.
Yeah. they're just ticking boxes.
Trying to establish their timeline.
Right.
We will have to postpone
the Middle East trip though.
God. of course.
There's too much going on right now
for you to worry about that.
They don't want me to leave town.
If there's anything I need to know.
you would tell me. right?
Yes.
Hey.
- Hey.
- I've been trying to reach you.
Yeah. it's not a great time.
Are you goin' somewhere?
You're not. like. leaving. right?
No. I'm just grabbing stuff
in case I have to work from home.
I might…
Maybe going to my friend's to help.
Who's helping you?
- What?
- I said. who's helping you?
This is your loss too.
Okay.
Jordan. I think what would be
most helpful right now is your discretion.
- Okay?
- Yeah. sure.
Okay. thank you.
Oh. man.
Mare.
- Are you smoking again?
- No.
Yes.
It's not a cigarette.
it's an emotional crutch.
I don't understand why we had
to have this memorial so quickly.
Because Robert wanted to get it over with.
I think.
Oh. shit. shit. shit. Here they come.
Will you just hold this for me?
- What?
- Please. please. Hold it. hold it.
Mary.
Hey. guys.
Aunt Ellie. you're smoking?
It's a… It's a bad habit.
but it doesn't make her a bad person.
Oh. thank you. Howard.
We'll… We'll save two seats for you.
Thank you.
Now they think I smoke.
I'm sorry. but I don't think
we should have brought them.
Howard said we shouldn't
"shield them from grief."
Oh. well. Robert's family planned this.
so there's not gonna be a lot of grief.
We'll get elegance and WASP-y denial.
When does the bride come out?
It's not a wedding. It's a funeral.
Actually. it's a memorial
'cause there's no body.
We don't believe in
shielding them from grief.
Yes. I heard.
Am I crazy
or does this smell like something?
It's rose pulp.
We had the paper made from linen
and rose petals from Nancy's garden.
That's… That's so lovely.
- Hmm.
- You just smashed up her roses and…
Yes. Of course.
You are so kind to come.
- Oh. no. please.
- Of course. Mr. Hennessey.
And such beautiful little girls.
Thank you.
I'm so sorry you couldn't find
childcare on such short notice.
Thank you.
El.
El. You're up.
Oh. God.
"She walks in beauty. like the night
Of cloudless climes and starry skies
And all that's best of dark and bright
Meet in her aspect and her eyes
Thus mellowed to that tender light
Which heaven to gaudy day denies
One shade the more. one ray the less…"
It was lovely. don't get me wrong.
It just wasn't…
- Her.
- Yeah.
Yeah.
Well. Kit runs a tight ship.
You know she made me send her
that Byron poem for approval?
And then she told me.
"No jokes. no tears."
- Jesus.
- Yeah.
Did you see that guy in
the denim jacket at the church yesterday?
No. I don't think I saw him. Why?
You don't think anybody
from Nancy's family would've come. right?
No. Ellie. they wouldn't have dared.
Right.
Hey. so…
Well. Howard had this thought.
- it was a favor really. to ask.
- Okay.
We wanted to know if it was possible
maybe Marcus could volunteer with you?
Because we thought if he saw
some real suffering in the world.
he could maybe get some
perspective and then he would be more--
Yes. yes.
I will find something for him.
if he's willing.
Thank you so much. Ellie.
- That is very generous.
- Mary.
They found him.
Breaking footage of Davide Haji Boyette.
also known as D.H. Boyette…
- There he is.
- …who we can confirm
- has been officially named…
- No fucking way.
- …as a person of interest…
- That's the guy?
- …in the murder of Nancy Hennessey.
- Yeah. That's what they're saying.
Do you know him?
How would I know him?
Why did you ask me that?
Sorry. I shouldn't have assumed.
No. I've never met this person.
Mom's listed on his website
as one of his patrons.
You know. she supported artists.
And he is a painter.
D.H. Boyette. also known as Davide.
And there's Kit. right on cue.
Do you think this is the guy?
I think we need to be
very careful to not rush to judgment.
Let's let them talk to him… Oh. my God.
What?
- What?
- Oh. my God.
What?
Ellie?
Oh. shit.
"D.H. Boyette."
She just put this one up. didn't she?
Right before she died. That's him.
Is that Mom?
- Goddamn.
- Hey. hey. Robert. Robert.
- Dad?
- What are you doing?
- Wh-- Dad. stop! What are you--
- Dad! Ellie!
- Hey!
Stop!
- Robert!
- Dad!
- Do something. Ellie!
- Robert.
- Robert. where are you going?
- Dad. Dad!
- Stop it. What are you doing?
- Stop. Dad! Dad!
Stay here. please.
Stop it. Robert. Stop it.
Oh. my God. Robert. You have to stop.
You have to take a beat.
Jesus. Robert. What are you doing?
Can we talk about this inside?
I just want you to take a beat.
I want you to take a breath.
Oh. my God. Robert. please.
- She never belonged to me.
- Please stop it.
I always wanted her to be all mine.
but she never was.
There was always a piece of her
that wouldn't be.
And I always fucking knew it!
Robert. I think that
they have people watching.
- I don't give a fuck.
- I understand that you're angry.
You need to calm down.
Hey.
Don't tell me how I should feel.
Jesus Christ. Eleanor.
You don't know everything. all right?
She was my fucking wife.
Does he have an alibi?
Davide?
Yeah. the guy she was sleeping with.
Kind of. He was maybe at this art event
of some sort. but he left early.
Honestly.
they don't have a lot of information.
I just… I don't think it's him.
She only told you his first name.
We have nothing to go on.
It could absolutely be him.
She would have told me if he was Black.
She hardly told you anything about him.
But I am her best and only Black friend.
This would have come up.
Okay.
I gave the police the name David.
What if it's not this Davide person?
Then we still don't know
who killed our best friend.
I've never seen Robert that angry.
He…
he has a temper.
especially when he drinks…
or when he's jealous.
No. he…
You know he loved her more than anything.
Anger isn't the opposite of love.
Sometimes it's
the truest expression of it.
You can't see it because Robert is your…
My what?
My friend? He's your friend.
You and Robert have a connection.
Yes. her name is Nancy.
Outside of Nancy.
And Nancy knew it too.
What are you saying?
You're not the only person
she confided in.
That's all.
- Oh. God!
- Sorry.
I didn't mean to frighten you.
How did you get in here?
Someone propped up the door.
I should… should've texted.
Yes.
So can we…
Look. I…
I owe you an apology.
The way that I was behaving.
and what I said was cruel.
She was my wife. but…
I know you guys were everything
to each other.
I'm sorry.
Thank you.
I don't think I realized how much
I needed to hear that from you.
Are you gonna tell me
why you're so dressed up?
This is dressed up to you?
This is how I leave the house
after sundown.
Where are you going?
You know how Nancy loves…
well. loved. the ballet. and how I--
Don't. You hate it.
- I don't hate it. I just… I find it…
- You do.
What's that French expression?
- It's fucking boring.
- That's not French.
My legs don't fit in the seats.
What?
Anyways. We're supposed to go
to the opening tonight.
And…
Well. I don't know what to do.
I'm… I'm just banging around
in that big empty house. alone.
I can't sleep.
I'm just walking around looking for her.
but she's not there.
So I was thinking that m…
I don't know.
Maybe at the ballet. I could--
You could feel her with you.
Yeah.
Exactly. Do you think that's possible?
I don't know what's possible anymore.
Okay.
She was just here.
You know. we were all just here
playing stupid fucking card games.
And now she's just gone forever.
It's like I can't…
It doesn't make any sense.
So why shouldn't I be able to go
to a place that she loved so much.
and… and feel her?
I think you have to try.
But will… will you try with me?
You want me to go?
- Yeah.
- No.
What? Why not?
I can't…
I just can't.
I mean. the optics.
Fuck the optics.
Who cares about the optics?
I do. You should.
We can't just get dressed up and
have a night out on the town together.
No. I'm… I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
It was…
It was a stupid idea.
I'm sorry.
My mother has this expression she loves.
"Have more than you show.
say less than you know."
It was advice I took to heart.
guarding not only what we had.
but how I felt.
Sometimes I hid it so well.
I couldn't even see it myself.
Ms. Bouchet.
I thought you were worried
about the optics?
I was.
But then I remembered
that French expression. "Fuck the optics."
Right.
Shall we?
I hope this isn't inappropriate. but
the boss's daughter cleans up real nice.
Just try to get me
a usable shot this time. okay?